[Autogenerated] the other context.
You may find yourself into it when you want to import an existing Java project,
but that happens to be a maven project.
Here.
I created another get herb repository called sample Maven.
Get for per site.
And you can see that there is a Obama that XML file in this
repository making this project a maven project.
The previews project we import odor was not amazing project.
It was just a plain A job, a C project.
And now we have a maven project.
So we are going to clone it.
Using is this h that is copies to the clip border.
And there is a special Haganah to import this project directly,
making the creation of the Maven project simpler than the Java sea stuff.
Basically,
we will not have to deal with the face that property off this
project as we had to do in the previous case.
Let us see how it works.
We can either imported directly select the maven stuff here and check
out maven project from Source control Management.
Huh?
Create a new project at in the May Vanna note.
Here we have also the same option.
Check out Maven projects from a C.
M.
That s quick next.
Now,
the problem is that the default eclipse installation A comes with no
support off no source control management system.
For that,
we need to install a special Pugin that is not prison by
default in the eclipse installation, we can click on this link.
Find more source control management connectors on the marketplace.
So let us go to this marketplace and what you want
to do is look for em to e dash.
Get select this M two e dash, get plug in here.
Click finish Next.
Next, accept the license.
Finish install anyway, restart your eclipse.
And when this is done, you're good to go.
So let us import.
May Virna Checkouts maven projects from source control
Management Next And now you can see that you have Ah,
the git option which is available.
Let us paste Are the your eye of our repository?
Check out Ed revision za, which is finer.
Click next.
Everything is fine here click OK.
And this time the project is directly imported from get herb to our repository and properly configured as a Maybourne Java project